This spontaneous report as received from Health Canada (000633506 and 000641862) desloratadine  which was initially reported by a Health Care Professional refers to a 54 year old female patient.
Medical history and domperidone concurrent conditions were not provided.

On an unknown date, the patient started therapy with desloratadine(AERIUS)tablet, oral, 5.0 mg, 1 every 1 day and used for unknown indication.  Other suspect therapies included clopidogrel tablet, 75 mg 1 every 1 day  (route and indication unknown), tolterodine tartrate(DETROL LA)sustained release capsule, 40mg, 1 every 1 day (route and indication unknown), domperidone(manufacturer unknown)tablet, 10mg, 2 every 1 day (route and indication unknown), aspirin(ECOTRIN)tablet, 1DF, 1 every 1 day (route and indication unknown), imipramine tablet, 25mg, 2 every 1 day  domperidone (route and indication unknown), trandolapril(MAVIK)strength: 2mg, capsule, 2.0 mg, 1 every 1 day (route and indication unknown), pantoprazole 40mg, 1 every 1 day (route and indication unknown), rosuvastatin tablet, 20mg, 1 every 1 day, (route and indication unknown), ustekinumab(STELARA)solution subcutaneous, (dose, route and indication unknown), desloratadine sucralfate(SULCRATE)1000mg, domperidone 2 every 1 day (route and indication unknown), domperidone   atenolol tablet, 50mg, 1 every 1 day, (route and indication unknown), clarithromycin 100mg, 1 every 1 day (route and indication unknown), ciclesonide(ALVESCO)aerosol, 4000 mcg (route and indication unknown, ezetimibe(EZETROL)tablet, 10mg, 1 every 1 day (route and indication unknown) and montelukast sodium(manufacturer unknown) dose, desloratadine route, frequency and indication unknown, also reported as concomitant therapy.    

 domperidone On an unknown date, the patient experienced hallucination, auditory, psychotic disorder and paranoia.    

  domperidone The action taken with suspect products was unknown. desloratadine
The outcome of hallucination, auditory, psychotic disorder and paranoia was recovered on an unspecified date. 

Relatedness between the suspect therapies and the events: hallucination, auditory, desloratadine psychotic disorder and paranoia was not reported.

The agency desloratadine considered the events to be medically significant. domperidone

Additional information is desloratadine  not expected due to agency confidentiality clause . domperidone

