CC: Mr. Jones is a 72yo white, retired farmer, who presented to the ER because “I
fainted 3 times in the last 2 days.” 

HPI: Mr. Jones was in his usual state of health, which allows him to lead a fairly active
life, until 2 days PTA when he was in the kitchen making a sandwich. At that time he felt
“dizzy” and found himself on the floor. He described the dizziness as “feeling like he was
going to pass out.” He doesn’t remember what happened but thinks he lost consciousness
for only a few seconds to minutes. No one was home at the time to witness it. He had a
headache after the episode, which he relates to hitting his head. (It has eased off with
Tylenol.) Prior to losing consciousness, he did not experience a headache, chest pain,
palpitations, or shortness of breath. He was not incontinent. Other than the headache, he
felt fine and ate his sandwich once he “came to.”
He had a very similar episode the next day while he was sitting down watching TV. He
felt like he was going to faint and then became aware that he had missed part of his show.
The 3rd fainting spell occurred this morning as he was getting out of bed. He fell back
onto the bed so did not hurt himself. He told his wife what happened and she insisted that
he come to the ER. 
He has not started any new medicines or engaged in any new activities lately. He has not
been sick including no N/V/D. He has never had chest pains or been told he has heart
disease. He has had vertigo in the past but that was very different from his current
“dizziness”. He has not had any change in vision, slurred speech, weakness, numbness, or
tingling in the last week.

Medications
1. lisinopril 20 mg po daily, for HTN
2. Hytrin 5 mg po at bedtime, for BPH 
3. ASA 325 mg po daily, for cardioprotection
4. Allopurinol 300mg po daily, for gout prevention
5. Atrovent 2puffs 4 times a day, for COPD
6. Motrin 200mg po 2-3 times a day as needed for arthritis
7. Aleve 1-2 tabs po 2-3 times a day as needed for arthritis
8. Tylenol arthritis 1-2 tabs po 3-4 times a day as needed for arthritis
9. Saw palmetto 2 tabs po daily, for prostate

Allergies- sulfa (rash)
Adverse drug reactions- codeine (N/V)