01/19/98, 21:44 MEDICAL SERVICE STUDENT ADMISSION NOTE
Location: A-GM
Mr. S is a 65 year old man with a history of Atrial Fibrillation, S/P Distant stroke, who has been off anticoagulation for 4 mos during evaluation of slow GI Bleed. He presents with 2 complaints:

1. Acute eye pain with difficulty seeing.

2. Several day history of a cough.

HPI: 1. Visual changes: Patient has a known history of atherosclerotic and hypertensive cerebrovascular disease: workup for dizziness/?TIA's in 94/95 revealed critical carotid stenosis and old R basal ganglia and L occipital infarcts on CT. A cerebral angiogram was complicated by a CVA manifested as R arm weakness with resolution. He subsequently had a R CEA in 1995 and no further TIA's.

Patient has had PAF for past 2+ years. ECHO in 1996 showed nl EF and marked LA enlargement (6cm) with mild-mod MR. Hehad been anticoagulated with coumadin until last summer. Developed GIB and chronic iron def. anemia. Coumadin d/c'd prior to colonscopy in Sept. and has not been restarted.

Yesterday morning while eating lunch patient had the sudden onset of sharp, R eye pain accompanied by decrease in vision. Pain was worse with coughing, unchanged by position, unrelieved by tylenol, aspirin or percocet. When the pain started, he "couldn't see the clock." He also had difficulty determining the numbers on the telephone. No blurred vision or diplopia. Vision is the same whether he covers right or left eye. He had nausea and vomiting x2--NB/NB at the onset of the pain. Was unable to give niece directions to hospital--unable to decide whether to make right or left turns. Pain and visual changes persisted through the night. No photophobia. No dizziness, weakness, dysarthria, CP, palpitations.

2. Cough: Patient has history of COPD with 60+ pack year smoking history and most recent PFT's showing mild deficits. Over the past few days he has noted increased dyspnea, wheezing, and sputum production. Sputum still clear, no hemoptysis and no fevers noted. No orthopnea or PND.

PMH:	PAF
? CAD: ETT 7/96 6 min Bruce HR 134 showed 1mm upsloping ST seg depressions and MIBI with lg fixed anteroapical and anterinf defect
Carotid stenosis
CVA
Seizure disorder - though patient does not recall last event or details of evaluation
GI Bleed: Intermittent heme + stools. Colonscopy on 9/97 showed 2 cm polyp. Biopsy showed adenoma. Patient declined polypectomy.
COPD
HTN
GERD
Anemia: Extensive workup consistently shows iron deficinecy anemia with last HCT 12/97 at 30.
H/O asbestos exposure
Bilateral shoulder bursitis.
PSH:	R CEA
R orchiectomy at age 5 for traumatic injury
Cataract s/p removal and implant placement on right
MEDS:	Ecotrin 325 mg po qd
Verapamil SA 180 po qd
Lansoprazole 15 po qd
Dilantin 300 po qhs
Atrovent 4 puffs QID
Vanceril 4 puffs BID
Colace 100 mg po BID
ALLERGIES:	No Known Drug Allergies
SMOKING	60 pack year hx, now 1 pack per day.
ALCOHOL	Heavy use in past, quit 5 years ago. None current.