Patient Name: Rogers, Pamela
Date: 6/2/04 
Chief Complaint & ID: Ms. Rogers is a 56 y/o WF Define the reason for the patient’s visit as who has been
having chest pains for the last week. 

HPI:
This is the first admission for this 56 year old woman, 
who states she was in her usual state of good health until
one week prior to admission. At that time she noticed the
abrupt onset (over a few seconds to a minute) of chest pain 
which she describes as dull and aching in character. The
pain began in the left para-sternal area and radiated up to 
her neck. The first episode of pain one week ago occurred 
when she was working in her garden in the middle of the 
day. She states she had been working for approximately 45
minutes and began to feel tired before the onset of the pain.
Her discomfort was accompanied by shortness of breath, but
no sweating, nausea, or vomiting. The pain lasted
approximately 5 to 10 minutes and resolved when she went 
inside and rested in a cool area. 
Since that initial pain one week ago she has had 2 additional
episodes of pain, similar in quality and location to the
episode. Three days ago she had a 15 minute episode of
pain while walking her dog, which resolved with rest. This 
evening she had an episode of pain awaken her from sleep,
lasting 30 minutes, which prompted her visit to the 
Emergency Department. At no time has she attempted any 
specific measures to relieve her pain, other than rest. She
describes no other associated symptoms during these
episodes of pain, including dizziness, or palpitations. She
becomes short of breath during these
episodes but describes no other exertional dyspnea,
orthopnea, or paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. No change in the pain
with movement, no association with food, no GERD sx, no palpable pain.
She has never been told she has heart problems, never had any
chest pains before, does not have claudication. She was diagnosed with
HTN 3 years ago,
She does not smoke nor does she have diabetes.
She was diagnosed with hypertension 3 years ago and had a
TAH with BSO 6 years ago. She is not on hormone replacement
therapy. There is a family history of premature CAD.
She does not know her cholesterol level. 

Medical History –
1998: Diagnosed with hypertension and began on
 unknown medication. Stopped after 6 months
 because of drowsiness.
1990: Diagnosed with peptic ulcer disease, which
 resolved after three months on cimetidine. She
 describes no history of cancer, lung disease
or previous heart disease.
Allergy: Penicillin; experienced rash and hives in 1985.
Social History –
Alcohol use: 1 or 2 beers each weekend; 1 glass of 
 wine once a week with dinner.
Tobacco use: None.
Medications: No prescription or illegal drug use.
 Occasional OTC ibuprofen (Advil) for
 headache (QOD). 