Client is 27 year old single female, A/O x3 self directing Wt: 100-150 lbs. Ht: 5’4” vision, speech, and hearing ok.
Due to a spinal cord injury/quad client requires total care in all ADL’s and IADLs. Client resides in single family
home with 50 year old mother, 52 year old father, 29 year old sister and a dog and 2 cats. Both parents are the
primary caregivers and have joint guardianship. Client’s aunt is the secondary guardian. Client’s sister teaches
and works during the summer months. Per client and mom, sister is not reliable but does assist in some of the
client’s care. Client’s mom is a nurse works 3dpw (varies) 11a-11p shifts (leaves 10:15p and returns home
anywhere between 12:30a-3:00a in addition to working a lot of overtime. Dad is an accountant and works monfri;
up at 5:30a and out of the house by 6:30a-home around 5:00p. Dad is also gone a lot in the evenings with
various social activities. Client transfers with stand pivot and one assist. Non ambulatory uses electric w/c (client
operates herself) for mobility. Client needs to be wheeled in the manual wheelchair. Client is a professional and
works full-time days and part-time evenings. Regular Mon-Fri hours are 8:30a-4:30p however actual hours vary
so much due to overtime, work schedules and mandatory continuing education classes. Client has a private w/c lift
van for medical appt., work and social transportation. Client very well aware that transportation is not a medical
task and is not part of the care plan and that the attendant is not allowed to drive/transport. Client pays the people
who drive the van privately. Client needs to have the attendant with her during all work hours since client requires
total assistance with everything; taking off coat, feeding, toileting (st cath every2-4 hrs), stands client during
breaks taking notes etc... Client goes to hospital every 3 months to have her Baclofen pump changed. Parents pick
up/oversees medication administration. Client needs to be fed. Client’s bathroom is w/c accessible with roll in
shower. Landline phone in client’s bedroom is the only one client is able to use. Client can push buttons to dial
out using speaker phone. Client needs help with her cell phone. Client left alone for short periods of time a couple
hours at a time with no apparent problems. House is all on one level so it is easy for client to get around with
power w/c going out the front door with a small ramp incline to get in/out. Client needs help with opening the
door. Washer/dryer off kitchen; electric stove, microwave. Client handles own finances on the computer. Client
able to push keyboard buttons. Parents both have POA and assist client as needed. Parents continue to be
responsible for major grocery shopping, laundry, meals, cath care/bowel regime and all care during non-service
hours. Parents provide all night care. Client has to be turned and positioned and toilet needs attended 2-3x per
night. All family members have keys to the house. CDPAP assistants assist with all AM/PM personal care
(bathing, shampoo, dressing and undressing), meds, meals (must be fed), catheterization/bowel regime
ROM/exercises, minor groceries, personal laundry and household chores. 