FDA contacted the patient for follow-up after she contacted Drug Information to disclose information regarding an adverse event related to domperidone. Domperidone 20 mg 3-4 times per day was prescribed in August 2014 for lactation. The patient noted that her infant was 3 months old when she started using domperidone. The recommendation for use came from a lactation consultant at Mercy General Hospital/Mercy Medical Group, and was then prescribed by the patient's OB/GYN. The patient was receiving monthly prescriptions and was getting them filled at Innovative Compounding Pharmacy. Patient contacted the OB/GYN Office in late December/early January requesting another prescription and was told by the Nurse Practitioner that they planned on weaning her off of the domperidone because the physicians needed to research the long-term side effects of domperidone before further prescribing it. About 3 weeks-1 month later (mid-January 2015), patient developed palpations ("butterflies in my chest") and felt "very tired." She didn't think much of symptoms and attributed them to being tired and having a new baby, so she continued domperidone and tried to get more sleep. Symptoms of malaise, palpitation, "chest pain", syncope-like feelings continued, so patient decided to research domperidone online. After finding out that QT prolongation and sudden death are possibly associated with domperidone (and that the symptoms she was having could be the result of QT prolongation), and that it is not approved in the US, she stopped taking the medication and contacted her OB/GYN office. The office told her that she was incorrect and that domperidone is allowed to be prescribed in the US and that lactation was just an off-label use. Symptoms resolved after domperidone was stopped. Patient also requested an EKG (after stopping domperidone) which was normal. She also wanted to make the FDA aware that domperidone use for lactation is being heavily advertised as a safe method to provide breast milk within the Mercy General Hospital/Mercy Medical Group. She also stated that in women that adopt or have a surrogate carrier, domperidone is being started 6 months before those women even have the infant with them and that they are then continuing the domperidone. Pharmacy, provider, and practice information was provided.