This spontaneous report from a patient concerns a 71-year-old Caucasian female from the United States: Local ID: 1-1878275180.

The patient's weight was 160 pounds and height was 67.5 inches.  Concurrent conditions included abdominal bloating, abdominal gas, abdominal pain, allergy to trees, belching (abdominal), diabetic paresis (coded as diabetic gastroparesis), no alcohol use, no smoking, and type 2 diabetes.  Other medical history included no history of drug abuse/illicit drug use.  The patient had previously experienced allergy when taking mycins (not otherwise specified or NOS) (antibacterials for systemic use) and sulfa (sulfacetamide sodium).  The patient was treated with canagliflozin (tablet, oral, batch unknown) 300 mg once a day, initiated on 06-AUG-2014, for type 2 diabetes and domperidone (unspecified, batch unknown) dose and frequency unspecified, initiated on an unspecified date, for diabetic gastroparesis.  Concomitant medications were not reported.  The patient was not initially prescribed 100 mg dose of canagliflozin.  On 06-AUG-2014, the patient experienced "worsening of pre-existing abdominal belching" (coded as increased belching), "worsening of pre-existing abdominal pain" (coded as worsening of abdominal pain), "worsening of pre-existing abdominal gassiness" (coded as very gaseous), and "worsening of pre-existing abdominal bloating" (coded as worsening of bloating).  In AUG-2014, the patient contacted her physician about the events and was prescribed an increased dosage of domperidone.  The patient reported the increased dose of domperidone had not relieved her worsening symptoms.  On 13-AUG-2014, the patient experienced not feeling well today.  No laboratory findings were provided.  The dose of domperidone was increased and the dose of canagliflozin was not changed.  The patient had not recovered from increased belching, worsening of abdominal pain, very gaseous, worsening of bloating, and not feeling well today. 

This report was identified by the call center as a product quality complaint:  PQMS reference number 10000228235.

This report was not serious.
