This is a literature study from Journal of Clinical Pharmacy and Therapeutics, 2014, Vol 39 (3), pages 259-265, entitled, "Sunitinib for metastatic renal cell cancer patients: Observational study highlighting the risk of important drug-drug interactions." This is 10 of 13 reports. This case refers to Patient 26 of Table 4.

The Authors performed a retrospective analysis of patients treated with sunitinib for metastatic renal cell cancer (mRCC) from 01Oct2007 until 01Oct2011. Medication was screened for possible drug-drug interactions. Interactions were divided into two main categories: pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic, with the major pharmacokinetic interactions being co-administration of potent strong CYP3A4 inhibitors (e.g. ketoconazole, itraconazole, clarithromycin, atazanavir, indinavir, nefazodone, nelfinavir, telithromycin and voriconazole) or potent strong CYP3A4 inducers (e.g. dexamethasone, phenytoin, carbamazepine, rifampicin, phenobarbital, St John's Worth) or other PgP (P-glycoprotein) substrates. The major pharmacodynamic interaction comprises the risk of QT prolongation. Data from 36 patients with metastatic renal cell cancer treated with sunitinib were analyzed. 
First-line patients sixty-one percentage of patients (n = 22) received sunitinib as a first-line treatment, whereas 39% (n = 14) received sunitinib from second line on. Concerning patients treated with sunitinib in first line (n = 22), 12 patients started with a full starting dose of 50 mg daily, 4/6 weeks (55%). The mean age of these 12 patients was 57.4 years (range 45-70 years), and the mean number of comorbidities was 1.5 (range 1-3 comorbidities). Seven of those patients needed dose reductions afterwards due to adverse drug reactions. Ten patients started with a reduced starting dose (below 50 mg daily, 4/6 weeks). The mean age of those patients was 72.7 years (range 64-76 years), and the mean number of comorbidities was 2.0 (range 1-5 comorbidities). Five patients needed more dose reduction afterwards due to adverse drug reactions. Adverse drug reactions (all grades) in the younger patient population (full starting dose) who needed dose reduction (n = 7) were hypertension, nausea, diarrhoea, hand-foot skin reaction, fatigue, anorexia, taste disturbances, hypothyroidism, skin rash, mucositis and thrombopenia. Adverse drug reactions (all grades) in the older patient population (reduced starting dose) who needed further dose reduction (n = 4) were nausea, anorexia, taste disturbances, weight loss, diarrhoea, mucositis, pyrosis, hand-foot skin reaction, malaise and conjunctivitis. Investigation of all 36 patient files revealed the intake of a mean 6-8 drugs as comedication. Antihypertensive drugs were most commonly prescribed, followed by analgesics, anti-emetics and thyroid substitution therapy.Twenty-two percentage of the patients needed thyroid substitution therapy, whereas 31% of the patients were prescribed anti-emetics, most frequently domperidone followed by metoclopramide and alizapride. Diarrhoea (all grades) was reported in 19% of all cases.Eleven percentage of the patients were prescribed loperamide. 
Regarding the role of possible drug-drug interactions between the prescribed comedication and sunitinib, a possible pharmacodynamic interaction causing QT prolongation was most common. In 44% of all cases, this could have caused a major or moderate interaction depending on the database used. The prescribed drugs prone to QT prolongation were domperidone and loperamide. Although no routinely ECG monitoring was performed in this retrospective cohort of patients, no major ventricular arrhythmias or sudden deaths were seen. 
The role of pharmacokinetic interactions seemed to be less important. The data revealed only 3 possible interactions with a CYP inhibitor and 4 possible interactions with a CYP inducer.
The subpopulation of patients taking a CYP inhibitor or inducer was prescribed an important amount of comedications (number ranging from 4 to 13), and this subgroup had a PFS ranging from 25 to 557 days. Outcome was not different from the whole population studied. 
Several patients were prescribed medication causing a possible interaction with a P-glycoprotein (PgP) substrate. According to the data, the concomitant use of another PgP substrate caused a moderate or major interaction depending on the database used. 

A patient (demographics unknown) received sunitinib malate, via an unspecified route of administration, at unknown dose cyclic (4 weeks on, 2 weeks off) on unknown date for metastatic renal cell carcinoma. No relevant medical history was provided. Relevant concomitant medications included domperidone, loperamide, tramadol and methylprednisolone. Under sunitinib therapy, the patient developed hypertension and other (unspecified). On unknown date the patient developed QT prolongation caused by drug interaction between sunitinib malate and concomitant medications domperidone and loperamide. Sunitinib malate was dose reduced in response to the event. The clinical outcome of the event was unknown.

The Authors reported an average of 6.8 other drugs taken together with sunitinib malate among patients with mRCC with a possible risk of major drug-drug interactions. The risk of QT prolongation was high. Based on these findings, more focus on possible drug-drug interactions for oncology patients was necessary to increased patient safety, to improve outcome and to prevent adverse events.